GENERAL
-----------------
NOTES RE: LOCALIZERS
1) With new translators, be sure to explicitly mention modifying other lang. 
	equivalent for these (the first character shown by default to users)? 
	Should be ok with (European language) locales so far completed:
	extensions.charrefunicode.currstartset=a
	extensions.charrefunicode.startset=a
2) Always update partial locales folder

CODE
1) Could use own utilities to simplify DOM calls
2) Might be able to use <command>, etc. to reduce a lot of code here
3) Review, comment
4) Refactor into separate classes/objects
5) After refactoring, make as code module to reduce reloading time

HELP
1) More attractive titles (<dialogheader/> if Mac supports now)
2) More tooltips
	a) Specialized search textboxes especially need
3) See also CHART idea to be able to hide entities, etc. in chart for 
	novices (though Windows char. identifier does show code points)
4) Change extension name? /Unicode Solutions, ~ Skills, ~ Tricks/ as per 
	Karoly's thoughts? Avoid Unicode in title for sake of novices: 
	"Character Finder/Browser/Info/Converter", but taking into account 
	existing add-ons.
5) Intro to motivation/design considerations for extension (for laypersons)
6) Refer to entity/escape conversions to distinguish from character set
     conversions

TOOLBAR
1) Add option to insert a character by code point (hex or dec)
	
CUSTOM PROTOCOL
1) Allow additions or changes (or standardization?) to support for custom 
	protocol (triggered by any website), e.g., more refined searches,
	conversions, obtaining of definitions, etc.
2) See also META-DATA re: search links (i.e., for internal use)

CONTEXT MENU
1) Context menu: Add pref to not show context menu unless there is text 
	context (for those who want less context-menu real estate taken up?
2) Allow pasting of snippets (see toolbar)
3) Allow use of custom DTD when doing conversions by context menu

DIRECTIONALITY IN TEXT BOXES
1) Add directionality-sensitivity (e.g., for Arabic, Hebrew, etc.)

-----------------
SEARCH
1) Search to allow contains|is|is not|begins|ends?
2) Build table browser (for searches)
3) Prefernence and/or switch to just get single character for "find character"
4) Visually distinguish searches from browsing character, both setting apart
	controls and in display (also for table view?)
5) Search all properties (e.g., white-space characters)--i.e., represented in 
	Unicode data files, or correlate/link to (e.g., lower-case equiv. of capital);
	see http://www.unicode.org/Public/UNIDATA/UCD.html , on fields to consider;
	see also META-DATA re: extra meta-data
6) Avoid opening of CJK search tab triggering change in chart

CHART
1) Website: &#x10fffe; AND &#x10ffff; should be listed as???? Others?
2) Print chart, or copy-paste whole range (with varying amount of data)
3) Can textboxes or at least the table be made to expand with the window 
	being expanded? (flex?)
4) Option to show chart as list/tree (advantages of being easily sortable 
	and pullable), etc.
5) Cross-check blocks.txt with own system: 
	http://www.unicode.org/Public/UNIDATA/Blocks.txt (?)
6) Stop field width from changing for certain characters (should be 
	constant! Due to XHTML/XUL hybrid?)
7) Option to hide entities entirely for the sake of novices?
8) Automatically show new PDF link whenever changing chart results (e.g.,
	after search)
9) When context menu retrieves current char in chart view, get 
	description too?
10) Option to output directly to a document for chart output? Add as sidebar?
11) Choice of font for chart (may be necessary with rarer characters); use
      independent dialog to obtain font? (save size and usable in other exts)
12) Distinguish HTML entities from XML entities by color and text

META-DATA
0) Fix range content (e.g., Hangul) to show meta-data
1) Use multiple select to determine which meta-data fields to show?
2) More search links besides upper/lower case ones (various types and 
	trigger search drop-downs?); disallow input in textbox (but allow copying)?
3) Extra metadata (and add search fields for them and search links for them 
	and selectively show them)
    a) Add property files' meta-data as textbox or drop-down as appropriate
	b) See also SEARCH
4) PINYIN META-DATA
	a) Show pinyin, etc. optionally next to character (at least give higher 
		priority to Mandarin?)
	b) Paste box to display range of characters sequentially in this style (and
		pastebox to convert pinyin, etc.)
    c) Generate XHTML Ruby or other formats (including just hex, etc.) out 
		of this data? (print table option; rename "printunicode" function 
		to "displayUnicodeTable" to avoid confusion)
5) PERSONAL OR COLLABORATIVE NOTES
	a) Display/Search/Print own additions (mnemonics, user-added, etc.)
	b) Allow tagging (even server-connected collaboration) to add 
		descriptions (e.g., "slash" for "solidus")

CONVERSION
1) SURROGATES:
	a) Could allow surrogates to be directly input and displayed (e.g., Unicode for &#xD800;), as they already 
		can be converted (or should the conversion be restricted since a surrogate is not allowable directly); see difference in
		converting Unicode equivalent of &#xD800;&#xDF81; vs. that with a space in the middle: &#xD800; &#xDF81;
	b) Should surrogates be made convertable from one entity form to another (hex/dec surrogate pair to/from hex/dec single); 
		(when converting individual surrogate to "Unicode", it will already work, though could disallow in one version of the button)
	c) Conversion of "HTML" entity doesn't work if both surrogates together or if composite Unicode character used in non-entity form
		Note: some validation systems should not only check for non-characters, but also surrogates without subsequent matching surrogate
		Button consolidation
2) Consolidate buttons into menu to ensure full bi-directionality? (but will also be less efficient as requires extra click to 
    select "from" and "to" menus)
3) Could consolidate HTML conversion functions in JS into one function
4) See also META-DATA re: pinyin conversion
5) Could make hex case independent in display vs. conversion as with xstyle formerly (?)
6) Option to auto-convert HTML entities with upper-case 'X' to lower-case for sake of XML?
7) Feedback in conversions, such as total number replaced
8) Support U+ conversions?
9) Add alternate treatment of &quot; (as with &apos;)
10) Search by/Convert all forms of hex, etc., not just entities?
11) Convert Unicode to HTML ents AND Hex   OR    Unicode to HTML ents AND DEC  
		(to character references where HTML entity is not available)
12) Batch conversion of files
13) Convert more character sets

PREFERENCES
1) Announce how to get separate Unihan.sqlite and where to install for those having trouble?;
	   a) Remove Unicode database to profiles folder (since some complained of size and also to quicken updating)

DTD
1) Ability to save multiple DTDs (rename as entities?) besides the built-in ones
2) Indicate how to form an entity and how they will be used
